#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-apscheduler
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via pytype
bandit==1.7.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bs4
black==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bs4==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-on-heroku
django==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-apscheduler
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-on-heroku
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
django-apscheduler==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-on-heroku==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-stubs==4.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-stubs-ext==4.2.2
    # via django-stubs
fake-useragent==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
flake8==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.36
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bandit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
importlab==0.8
    # via pytype
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via pytype
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
libcst==1.0.1
    # via pytype
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mypy==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   importlab
    #   pytype
ninja==1.11.1
    # via pytype
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pytest
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
psycopg2==2.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-on-heroku
pycnite==2023.10.11
    # via pytype
pycodestyle==2.11.0
    # via flake8
pydot==1.4.2
    # via pytype
pyee==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via pydot
pyppeteer==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytype==2023.10.17
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   apscheduler
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bandit
    #   libcst
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
requests-html==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
rich==13.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bandit
sentry-sdk==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   apscheduler
    #   langdetect
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gitdb
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bandit
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pytype
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytype
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
types-pytz==2023.3.0.1
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.11
    # via django-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   libcst
    #   mypy
    #   pytype
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via libcst
tzlocal==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   apscheduler
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
w3lib==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-html
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyppeteer
whitenoise==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-on-heroku
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
